README.md, before:

# Solidus Product Feed

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/solidusio-contrib/solidus_product_feed.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/solidusio-contrib/solidus_product_feed)

An extension that provides an RSS feed for products. Google Merchant Feed attributes are also
implemented. An RSS link is automatically appended to the `<head>` tag in the
`layouts/spree_application` file.

## Installation

Add the gem to your `Gemfile`:

```ruby
gem 'solidus_product_feed'
````

Install the gem:

```console
$ bundle install
```

You're done! You can now see your RSS feed at `/products.rss`.

## Usage

The feed ships with sensible defaults for your products, but customization is very easy.

### Headers

You can easily change the feed's headers by putting the following in your Rails initializer:

```ruby
SolidusProductFeed.configure do |config|
  config.title = 'My Awesome Store'
  config.link = 'https://www.awesomestore.com'
  config.description = 'Find out about new products on https://www.awesomestore.com first!'
  config.language = 'en-us'
end
```

Note that you can also pass a Proc for each of these options. The Proc will be passed the view
context as its only argument, so that you can use all your helpers:

```ruby
SolidusProductFeed.configure do |config|
  config.title = -> (view) { view.current_store.name }
  config.link = -> (view) { "http://#{view.current_store.url}" }
  config.description = -> (view) { "Find out about new products on http://#{view.current_store.url} first!" }
  config.language = -> (view) { view.lang_from_store(current_store.language) }
end
```

### Item schema

If you need to alter the XML schema of a product (e.g. to add/remove a tag), you can do it by
subclassing `Spree::FeedProduct` in your app and overriding the `schema` method:

```ruby
module AwesomeStore
  class FeedProduct < Spree::FeedProduct
    def schema
      super.merge('g:brand' => 'Awesome Store Inc.')
    end
  end
end
```

Then set your custom class in an initializer:

```ruby
SolidusProductFeed.configure do |config|
  config.feed_product_class = 'AwesomeStore::FeedProduct'
end
```

If you want to change the value of an existing tag, you can also simply override the corresponding
tag method (`link`, `price` etc.). Check the [source code](https://github.com/solidusio-contrib/solidus_product_feed/blob/master/app/models/spree/feed_product.rb)
for more details. 

## Testing

Be sure to add the `rspec-rails` gem to your Gemfile and then create a dummy test app for the specs 
to run against.

```console
$ bundle exec rake test app
$ bundle exec rspec spec
```

Commit message:

Remove storefront Deface override
As a general rule, we don't encourage extensions to override the
storefront anymore, because each store heavily customizes the
storefront depending on their requirements, and adding stuff to
the default storefront may be undesirable.

Instead, extensions should explain the proper way to integrate the
extension in your own storefront.

README.md, after:

# Solidus Product Feed

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/solidusio-contrib/solidus_product_feed.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/solidusio-contrib/solidus_product_feed)

An extension that provides an RSS feed for products. Google Merchant Feed attributes are also
implemented.

## Installation

Add the gem to your `Gemfile`:

```ruby
gem 'solidus_product_feed'
````

Install the gem:

```console
$ bundle install
```

You're done! You can now see your RSS feed at `/products.rss`.

## Usage

The feed ships with sensible defaults for your products, but customization is very easy.

### Headers

You can easily change the feed's headers by putting the following in your Rails initializer:

```ruby
SolidusProductFeed.configure do |config|
  config.title = 'My Awesome Store'
  config.link = 'https://www.awesomestore.com'
  config.description = 'Find out about new products on https://www.awesomestore.com first!'
  config.language = 'en-us'
end
```

Note that you can also pass a Proc for each of these options. The Proc will be passed the view
context as its only argument, so that you can use all your helpers:

```ruby
SolidusProductFeed.configure do |config|
  config.title = -> (view) { view.current_store.name }
  config.link = -> (view) { "http://#{view.current_store.url}" }
  config.description = -> (view) { "Find out about new products on http://#{view.current_store.url} first!" }
  config.language = -> (view) { view.lang_from_store(current_store.language) }
end
```

### Item schema

If you need to alter the XML schema of a product (e.g. to add/remove a tag), you can do it by
subclassing `Spree::FeedProduct` in your app and overriding the `schema` method:

```ruby
module AwesomeStore
  class FeedProduct < Spree::FeedProduct
    def schema
      super.merge('g:brand' => 'Awesome Store Inc.')
    end
  end
end
```

Then set your custom class in an initializer:

```ruby
SolidusProductFeed.configure do |config|
  config.feed_product_class = 'AwesomeStore::FeedProduct'
end
```

If you want to change the value of an existing tag, you can also simply override the corresponding
tag method (`link`, `price` etc.). Check the [source code](https://github.com/solidusio-contrib/solidus_product_feed/blob/master/app/models/spree/feed_product.rb)
for more details. 

### Making your feed discoverable

If you want to make your feed discoverable when visiting your store, simply add the following to
your storefront's `head`:

```html
<%= auto_discovery_link_tag(:rss, products_path(format: :rss), title: "My Store's Products") %>
```

## Testing

Be sure to add the `rspec-rails` gem to your Gemfile and then create a dummy test app for the specs 
to run against.

```console
$ bundle exec rake test app
$ bundle exec rspec spec
```
